- What is a Servlet?
It is server side programming language which is used for generating dynamic web pages.

- Life Cycle of a servlet
1) Servlet is loaded
2) Servlet is instantiated i.e, Servlet object is created
3) Servlet is initialized using init() method.
4) Servlet does the service using service()
5) Servlet is destroyed

NOTE: Servlet loading, creation, init() call and destroy() call all these happens only once.

- Who creates Servlet object?
Servlet Container

- When does Servlet object is created?
When the first request is made.

- Diff between GET vs POST?
1) 	GET: Limited amount of data can be sent
	POST: Large amount of data can be sent.

2) 	GET: Not Secured as data can is visible on the URL.
	POST: Secured. Data is not visible on the URL

3) 	GET: Can be bookmarked
	POST: Cannot be bookmarked

4) 	GET: Default method of HTTP
	POST: Need to mention it explicitly.

- What is Request Dispatcher?
It is an interface to forward the request to another resource. Resource can be HTML, JSP and another servlet within the same application.

- What is a Session?
Session means a particular interval of time. It is used to maintain the state of the user.
Session is on the server side.

- What is a Cookie?
Cookie is a small piece of information that is persisted between multiple client requests.
Cookie has key/value pair and optional attributes.
We have two types of cookies a) Persistent Cookies and 2) Non-Persistent Cookies.
Persistent Cookies: Valid for single session. If user closes the browser then we destroy that cookie.
Non-Persistent Cookie: Valid for multiple sessions. Removed only when use logouts.

- Disadvantages of Cookies:
1) Cookies are stored in plain text. So they pose risk. But still we can encrypt them if necessary.
2) Limitations like number of cookies etc.
3) User can enable/disable the cookies on his browser. If he disables and if the application needs cookies then we will have a problem.
4) Users can play with the cookies like edit, delete.

- Diff between Session and Cookie?
Cookie works on the client side where as Session is on the server side.

- What is a war file?
war full form is "Web Archive". war file specifies the web elements.
